Hello, this is Dr. Chuck here and
I'm coming to you right now
in the continuing saga of
Internet History Technology and Security.
I'm coming to you right now from Seoul,
Korea, and
we are having office hours here in Seoul,
Korea.
And I'd like you to meet some
of your fellow students.
>> Hello, my name is Nikolay Ketchoff,
I am from Russia but
I am working here in Korea for
LG Electronics.
And I took this Internet History and
Security class, and
they are this vicious certificate.
Actually it was my first online class,
and I really enjoyed it,
because it involved me in this
community of online courses.
And Dr.
Chuck was really inspiring person for me,
and it really helped me to realize
how these online courses worked.
And also learn basic knowledge
in fun way about the Internet.
I think this course was really great,
and these online spirit courses
about to learn not to get,
not to be stressed by grades.
And what I just want to
add more to this course,
kind of recommendation to add
more learning activities.
Maybe some kind of online games based on
this material, or something like that.
Actually, what I also
enjoy in the Internet,
I learn, I watch TED very often.
And recently I watched this
talk from Shimon Schocken.
So he also talked about self-education,
self-learning, and
about his online courses, and
that I got idea about online games.
For learning, so
have fun and learn online.
>> Did you mention what
your degrees were in?
>> I had two master degrees,
one in Computer Science in Russia and
one in Electrical Engineering in Korea.
>> Good, thank you.
>> Yeah, thank you very much for
this class.
>> What's your name?
>> My name is Julie.
And I'm from Korea, so this is actually
my first course that I got certificate,
and I am going to study
computer science for next year.
So this course is perfect for
me because it's free, but
also it gives a me, kind of more
hands up on a computer network.
And I will continue to study
about computer science and
I'm actually pretty much interested
in computer network as well.
Well, I have a degree in physics and
biology, but
I got pretty much more interested in
computer science and programming.
So, thank you for this whole lecture and
I hope you enjoy every lectures of Dr.
Chuck in Coursera.
>> Thank you.
>> Hi, my name is Choongil Kim.
And I'm actually from Chicago and
I'm working in Korea right now.
I really enjoyed the course, well actually
my background is different from computer
science, I'm an aerospace background,
but worked in the IT industry.
So this was the first Internet or any
type of computer science course I took.
And I really enjoyed it and I actually
enjoyed the history part of it a lot.
So thank you very much and we're looking
forward to see next class from Dr. Chuck.
>> You failed to mention where
you got your degrees from.
>> Oh yeah, code blue.
>> Tell us where you
got your degrees from.
>> I got my degree from
University of Michigan,
the best school in the world, where Dr.
Chuck's also a professor at.
And airspace engineering, so.
>> And was that masters, PhD?
>> Masters and PhD, and
even post-doctorate.
>> Julie, Julie,
where did you get your degree at?
>> I got my degree in South Korea,
Dong Uk University.
>> Okay.
>> Yeah,
and well I'm going to Virginia
to study computer science.
>> Great, so
are you gonna actually go to Virginia and
>> This December, yeah.
>> And so you're preparing in a sense
to sort of spend some time in Virginia.
>> Yep.
>> Work on your master's degree.
That's right.
>> Outstanding.
Okay, back to me.
Flip.
So there you have it.
Zoom out a little bit, zoom out.
Here we have wonderful office
hours here in Seoul, Korea and
now we're gonna go all take some
pictures so see you on the Net.